A spectacular night of fireworks brought an end to 2021 and welcomed the New Year in style across the UAE.

No other nation does New Year's celebrations quite like the UAE, with Dubai heralding 2022 with the usual night of colour and noise, as fireworks and a light show dazzled onlookers in Downtown Dubai, where Burj Khalifa took centre stage at the stroke of midnight.

We are lucky to be in Dubai as we get to party twice in one night

Kingkade Niyomsen

Pyrotechnic displays were triggered across the emirate, from Global Village to La Mer, Al Seef and Burj Al Arab and all the way to Bluewaters Island.

Those on Abu Dhabi's Yas Island were treated to two displays at 9pm and again at midnight, with another fantastic display launched at the Corniche as the clock struck 12.

Al Maryah Island and Saadiyat Beach Club also joined the party with spectacular displays of their own.

Sheikh Zayed Festival's New Year's Eve celebrations in Abu Dhabi saw a 40-minute fireworks display that set records for volume, duration and form.

A giant drone show that lit up the skies of Al Wathba included 2,022 drones that formed a portrait of Sheikh Zayed, the Founding Father.

It was a special night in Ras Al Khaimah, where two world records were set during an astonishing 12-minute display.

The two records were for the most remote-operated multirotor and drone-launching fireworks, and the highest altitude multirotor and drone firework display.

At midnight at Expo 2020, a huge glittering ball descended from the roof of Al Wasl Plaza, accompanied by live DJ sets from Dimitri Vegas and Armin Van Buuren.

Pockets of noise and celebrations scattered across Expo 2020 could be heard throughout the day as pavilions rang in the New Year in unison with their home nations.

The party started in the South Pacific exhibitions, with New Zealand, Samoa and Tonga being the first to enter 2022 at 3pm.

The Southern Hemisphere followed, with an explosion of silver ticker tape and golden balloons spelling out 2022 outside the pavilions.